Docsite: replace Latin phrases to English (#71588)
ansible/ansible: docs/docsite/rst/porting_guides/porting_guide_2.5.rst

Dynamic includes and attribute inheritance
------------------------------------------

> In Ansible version 2.4, the concept of dynamic includes (``include_tasks``) against static imports (``import_tasks``) was introduced to clearly define the differences in how ``include`` works between dynamic and static includes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In Ansible version 2.4, the concept of dynamic includes (``include_tasks``), as opposed to static imports (``import_tasks``), was introduced to clearly define the differences in how ``include`` works between dynamic and static includes.
```
